The President:
Hello everybody, and happy holidays.
Mrs. Obama:
We know how busy
this time of year is for
everyone, so we're not going
to take much of your time.
But we did want to take a
moment to wish you all
a Merry Christmas, from our
family to yours.
The President:
This is a season
for millions of Americans
to be together with family, to
continue long-held holiday
traditions, and to show our
gratitude to those we love.
And along the way, some of
us might even watch a little
basketball or eat some
Christmas cookies, too.
Mrs. Obama:
Here at the White
House, over the past few weeks,
we've had about 70,000 people
from all across the country come
visit us and look at
our holiday decorations.
This year's theme was "Gather
Around: Stories of the Season."
And in every room of the house,
we tried to tell a story about
who we are as Americans and
how we celebrate
the holidays together.
And we made certain to highlight
some of the most powerful
stories we know - the stories
of our outstanding troops,
veterans, and military families
and their service and sacrifice
for our country.
The President:
Our extraordinary
men and women in uniform are
serving so that the rest of
us can enjoy the blessings
we cherish during the holidays.
But that means many of our
troops are far away from home
and far from family.
They're spending some extra time
on the phone with their loved
ones back home.
Or they're setting up video
chats so they can watch
as the presents are opened.
Today, we want all of our troops
to know that you're in our
thoughts and prayers
this holiday season.
And here's the good news: For
many of our troops and newest
veterans, this might be the
first time in years that they've
been with their
families on Christmas.
In fact, with the Iraq war
over and the transition
in Afghanistan, fewer of our
men and women in uniform are
deployed in harm's way than at
any time in the last decade.
Mrs. Obama:
That's something
we all can be thankful for.
And with more and more of
our troops back here at home,
now it's our turn to serve -
it's our turn to step up and
show our gratitude for the
military families who have given
us so much.
That's why Jill Biden and I
started our Joining Forces
initiative - to rally all
Americans to support our
military families in
ways large and small.
And again and again, we have
been overwhelmed by the response
we've gotten as folks from
across the country have found
new ways to give back to these
families through their schools,
businesses, and
houses of worship.
The President:
That's the same
spirit of giving that connects
all of us during the holidays.
So many people all across the
country are helping out
at soup kitchens, buying gifts
for children in need,
or organizing food or clothing
drives for their neighbors.
For families like ours, that
service is a chance to celebrate
the birth of Christ and live out
what He taught us - to love our
neighbors as we love ourselves;
to feed the hungry and look
after the sick; to be our
brother's keeper
and our sister's keeper.
And for all of us as Americans,
regardless of our faith,
those are values that can drive
us to be better parents
and friends, better
neighbors and better citizens.
Mrs. Obama:
So as we look to the New Year,
let's pledge ourselves to living
out those values by reaching out
and lifting up those in our
communities who could
use a hand up.
The President:
So Merry
Christmas, everyone.
And from the two of us, as well
as Malia, Sasha, Grandma, Bo...
Mrs. Obama:
And Sunny,
the newest Obama...
The President:
We wish you all a
blessed and safe holiday season.
Mrs. Obama:
Happy holidays
everybody, and God bless.